we ask for your protection over house
call and we pray that we will be kept
from harm throughout the night is he
dead
no get him inside quick you're a most
unwelcome visitor and we do not propose
to entertain you you'll find them easily
amused you won't be here long enough for
that don't you end up in this place why
are you so interested in me look at my
ear strengthen I'm just trying to give
them what they need to survive in these
times if you could have anything in the
world what would it be to be taken far
away from here go with me
he seems to be a sensitive person does
he
it seems the enemy it's not what we
believe I hope you like apple pie is
that my recipe it is I need rags
I need chloroform go to the smokehouse
get the saw now
bring me the anatomy book can I get you
anything give me the key
you know what control
[Music]